--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Inventit Binary Code License Agreement for the Inventit Service-Sync
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective January 25, 2012

1. Introduction

1.1 The Inventit Binary Code (referred to in this License Agreement as the "Software" and specifically including the Inventit Service-Sync runtime libraries, and packaged APIs) is licensed to you subject to the terms of this License Agreement. This License Agreement forms a legally binding contract between you and Inventit in relation to your use of the Software.
1.2 Inventit Service-Sync is an application enablement platform including server side runtime environment and device side runtime and compilation libraries.
1.3 "Inventit" means Inventit Inc., an Osaka corporation with principal place of business at 9F 4-4-7, Kojimachi, Chiyoda-ku Tokyo 102-0083, Japan.

2. Accepting this License Agreement

2.1 In order to use the Software, you must first agree to this License Agreement. You may not use the Software if you do not accept this License Agreement.
2.2 By clicking to accept or typing ‘yes’ to the question asking if you read and accept the agreement provided by the Inventit IoT Developer Network command line interface tool, you hereby agree to the terms of this License Agreement.
2.3 You may not use the Software and may not accept the License Agreement if you are a person barred from receiving the Software under the laws of Japan or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Software.
2.4 If you are agreeing to be bound by this License Agreement on behalf of your employer or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to this License Agreement. If you do not have the requisite authority, you may not accept the License Agreement or use the Software on behalf of your employer or other entity.

3. Software License from Inventit

3.1 Subject to the terms of this License Agreement, Inventit grants you a limited, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Software solely to develop applications to run on the Inventit Service-Sync platform.
3.2 You agree that Inventit or third parties own all legal right, title and interest in and to the Software, including any Intellectual Property Rights that subsist in the Software. "Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all rights under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, and any and all other proprietary rights. Inventit reserves all rights not expressly granted to you.
3.3 You may not use the Software for any purpose not expressly permitted by this License Agreement.  Except to the extent required by applicable third party licenses, you may not: (a) copy (except for backup purposes), modify, adapt, redistribute, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works of the Software or any part of the Software; or (b) load any part of the Software onto a mobile handset or any other hardware device except a personal computer, combine any part of the Software with other software, or distribute any software or device incorporating a part of the Software.
3.4 You agree that you will not take any actions that may cause or result in the fragmentation of Inventit Service-Sync, including but not limited to distributing, participating in the creation of, or promoting in any way a library derived from the Software.
3.5 Use, reproduction and distribution of components of the Software licensed under an open source software license are governed solely by the terms of that open source software license and not this License Agreement.
3.6 You agree that the form and nature of the Software that Inventit provides may change without prior notice to you and that future versions of the Software may be incompatible with applications developed on previous versions of the Software. You agree that Inventit may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Software (or any features within the Software) to you or to users generally at Inventit's sole discretion, without prior notice to you.
3.7 Nothing in this License Agreement gives you a right to use any of Inventit's trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, or other distinctive brand features.
3.8 You agree that you will not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trademark notices) that may be affixed to or contained within the Software.

4. Use of the Software by You

4.1 Inventit agrees that it obtains no right, title or interest from you (or your licensors) under this License Agreement in or to any software applications that you develop using the Software, including any intellectual property rights that subsist in those applications.
4.2 You agree to use the Software and write applications only for purposes that are permitted by (a) this License Agreement and (b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions (including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from Japan or other relevant countries).
4.3 You agree that if you use the Software to develop applications for general public users, you will protect the privacy and legal rights of those users. If the users provide you with user names, passwords, or other login information or personal information, you must make the users aware that the information will be available to your application, and you must provide legally adequate privacy notice and protection for those users. If your application stores personal or sensitive information provided by users, it must do so securely.
4.4 You agree that you will not engage in any activity with the Software, including the development or distribution of an application, that interferes with, disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks, or other properties or services of any third party including, but not limited to, Inventit or any mobile communications carrier.
4.5 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Inventit has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any data, content, or resources that you create, transmit or display through Inventit Service-Sync and/or applications for Inventit Service-Sync, and for the consequences of your actions (including any loss or damage which Inventit may suffer) by doing so.
4.6 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Inventit has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under this License Agreement, any applicable third party contract or Terms of Service, or any applicable law or regulation, and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which Inventit or any third party may suffer) of any such breach.

5. Your Developer Credentials

5.1 You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any developer credentials that may be issued to you by Inventit or which you may choose yourself and that you will be solely responsible for all applications that are developed under your developer credentials.

6. Privacy and Information

6.1 In order to continually innovate and improve the Software, Inventit may collect certain usage statistics from the software including but not limited to a unique identifier, associated IP address, version number of the software, and information on which tools and/or services in the Software are being used and how they are being used. Before any of this information is collected, the Software will notify you and seek your consent. If you withhold consent, the information will not be collected.
6.2 The data collected is examined in the aggregate to improve the Software and is maintained in accordance with Inventit IoT Developer Network Services' Privacy Policy.
6.3 The Software uses IMEI, ESN, MEID, Wi-Fi MAC address, or OS/product dependent device ID as the device ID so that the Service which the Software connects is able to identify if a device is registered.

7. Third Party Applications

7.1 If you use the Software to run applications developed by a third party or that access data, content or resources provided by a third party, you agree that Inventit is not responsible for those applications, data, content, or resources. You understand that all data, content or resources which you may access through such third party applications are the sole responsibility of the person from which they originated and that Inventit is not liable for any loss or damage that you may experience as a result of the use or access of any of those third party applications, data, content, or resources.
7.2 You should be aware the data, content, and resources presented to you through such a third party application may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by the providers (or by other persons or companies on their behalf). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on these data, content, or resources (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically given permission to do so by the relevant owners.
7.3 You acknowledge that your use of such third party applications, data, content, or resources may be subject to separate terms between you and the relevant third party. In that case, this License Agreement does not affect your legal relationship with these third parties.

8. Terminating this License Agreement

8.1 This License Agreement will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Inventit as set out below.
8.2 If you want to terminate this License Agreement, you may do so by ceasing your use of the Software and any relevant developer credentials.
8.3 Inventit may at any time, terminate this License Agreement with you if:
(A) you have breached any provision of this License Agreement; or
(B) Inventit is required to do so by law; or
(C) the partner with whom Inventit offered certain parts of Software (such as APIs) to you has terminated its relationship with Inventit or ceased to offer certain parts of the Software to you; or
(D) Inventit decides to no longer provide the Software or certain parts of the Software to users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the service, or the provision of the Software or certain Software services to you by Inventit is, in Inventit's sole discretion, no longer commercially viable.
8.4 When this License Agreement comes to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and Inventit have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst this License Agreement has been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of paragraph 13.7 shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.

9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

9.1 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND FROM INVENTIT.
9.2 YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH USE.
9.3 INVENTIT FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

10.1 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT INVENTIT, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER OR NOT INVENTIT OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

11. Indemnification

11.1 To the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Inventit, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or accruing from (a) your use of the Software, (b) any application you develop on the Software that infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent or other intellectual property right of any person or defames any person or violates their rights of publicity or privacy, and (c) any non-compliance by you with this License Agreement.

12. Changes to the License Agreement

12.1 Inventit may make changes to the License Agreement as it distributes new versions of the Software. When these changes are made, Inventit will make a new version of the License Agreement available on the website where the Software is made available.
13. General Legal Terms

13.1 This License Agreement constitutes the whole legal agreement between you and Inventit and governs your use of the Software (excluding any services which Inventit may provide to you under a separate written agreement), and completely replaces any prior agreements between you and Inventit in relation to the Software.
13.2 You agree that if Inventit does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in this License Agreement (or which Inventit has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Inventit's rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Inventit.
13.3 If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of this License Agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from this License Agreement without affecting the rest of this License Agreement. The remaining provisions of this License Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable.
13.4 You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which Inventit is the parent shall be third party beneficiaries to this License Agreement and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of this License Agreement that confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries to this License Agreement.
13.5 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO UNITED STATES EXPORT LAWS AND REGULATIONS. YOU MUST COMPLY WITH ALL DOMESTIC AND INTERNATIONAL EXPORT LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT APPLY TO THE SOFTWARE. THESE LAWS INCLUDE RESTRICTIONS ON DESTINATIONS, END USERS AND END USE.
13.6 The rights granted in this License Agreement may not be assigned or transferred by either you or Inventit without the prior written approval of the other party. Neither you nor Inventit shall be permitted to delegate their responsibilities or obligations under this License Agreement without the prior written approval of the other party.
13.7 This License Agreement, and your relationship with Inventit under this License Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of Japan without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You and Inventit agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within Tokyo, Japan to resolve any legal matter arising from this License Agreement. Notwithstanding this, you agree that Inventit shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.

This document is an adaptation of the Android SDK Terms of Conditions. The original works have been modified. Google, Inc. is not connected with and do not sponsor or endorse Inventit or its use of the works.